[Docs] Consolidate community install methods (#2336)
hedgedoc/hedgedoc: docs/content/dev/getting-started.md

## Preparing for running the code

> **Notice:** *There's [specialised instructions for docker](../setup/docker.md) if you prefer running code this way!*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Notice:** *There are [specialised instructions for docker](../setup/docker.md) if you prefer running code this way!*
```
